The ugly duckling. On a beautiful summer day,
a family of ducks is taking a swim while
another is enjoying a stroll by the bank. But
one duck is sitting on her eggs among the
tall leaves.
I wonder when my babies are going to come
out. They are taking so long to hatch. It is
so lonely.
No one has the time to visit me.
Well, Mommy, Duck didn't have to wait too
long. Soon the eggs started cracking and the
little duckling started taking small,
unsteady steps out of their shells.
Quack, quack, quack, quack. Oh, my babies are
so beautiful. Now, come on. Line up here, all
of you. One, two, three, four, five.
Hey, there should be one more.
Mother Duck looked around and saw one egg
which had not yet hatched.
I think I will have to sit again on this egg
till it hatches. It seems pretty large.
Soon, the last egg hatched. But the duckling
that crept out was large and ugly.
This little fellow doesn't look like his
brothers and sisters.
The next day, mother duck leads her brood to
the water.
Oh, I am proud today that my ducklings are
swimming so well. And how well? The youngest
one is swimming. Come on, kids.
That's enough for today. We must get to the
farm before it turns dark.
The Duck family makes its way to the
farmhouse where there were lots of other
ducks.
What is that strange looking creature doing
here?
The other ducklings are so cute. But this one
is so big and ugly.
He is ugly.
We don't want him here.
That's not a nice thing to say. He is still
small and I'm sure he will grow up to be
beautiful too.
But the other ducklings continue to bully and
make fun of the ugly duckling.
I hope the ducklings stop this nonsense. I
can't bear to see that poor child looking so
sad.
But as days went by, things started becoming
worse for the ugly duckling. Wherever he
went, everyone was mean to him.
Have you ever seen anything uglier than this.
Seeing this creature in the morning? My day
will also be as ugly as he is.
He seems to be getting uglier by the day.
The ugly duckling just wanted to hide
somewhere and cry. Even his brothers and
sisters were rude to him. Mother Duck was
very sad to see everyone treat the ugly
duckling so badly.
Nobody wants to talk to me or play with me
because I am ugly. I will run away from here.
So the ugly duckling flew over the fence of
the farmyard and continued flying until he
spotted a large moor. He decided to spend the
night there.
I am so tired.
I think I will spend the night here.
Next morning, the ugly duckling woke up to
the sound of loud quacking. He opened his
eyes and saw a flock of wild ducks.
Who are you? What are you doing here?
Can I please stay here for a while? I have
nowhere to go.
You are ugly.
Stay. Don't get in our way.
The ugly duckling stayed on the moor for a
few days. He felt lonely, but no one bullied
him or hurt him because of his looks. One
morning, the duckling heard a noise like a
big bang. He lay still too scared to move.
When he finally lifted his head and looked
around, all of the other ducks had fled. The
ugly duckling also fled from the moor as fast
as it could. It flew as fast as its young
wings would take them. However, suddenly
there was a thunder and lightning scaring the
little duckling.
Per, I am so wet and cold.
That cottage there looks warm. Maybe I can
take shelter there.
The cottage belonged to an old lady who lived
with her tomcat and hen who found the
duckling the next morning.
What is happening here? Why are you making so
much noise?
What is this we have here? Looks like a duck,
though.
A very ugly one.
I know what I will do. I will keep it with me
and wait for it to lay eggs. Then I will have
eggs for my hen.
And from this duck too.
Oh, but I do hope that this is a duck and not
a Drake.
So the ugly duckling stayed with the old lady
in her cottage. But here also the tomcat and
hen made its life so miserable.
Hey, you. Don't you get scared when you see
your face in the mirror? Look at me. My coat
is so silky.
Look at my whiskers. So long and beautiful.
The mistress says my walk is so graceful.
You are such a loser. You cannot even lay an
egg. Look at my eggs. Such lovely, big and
brown ones.
The ugly duckling continued to be lonely. He
would sit in front of the window looking at
the small pond outside.
How I wish I could swim in that pond. And
used to be so nice when I swam in the cool
water back home.
Are you mad?
The mistress isn't going to let you go. You
have a safe house. What more do you want?
Behave yourself and don't anger the mistress,
the cat.
Or even me.
Want to swim?
Indeed.
The ugly duckling felt very, very sad,
wondering what to do.
I know this place is safe, but I feel like a
prisoner here being punished by being not
allowed to swim. I want to swim.
I want to be free to swim and fly as I
please. I have to escape from here somehow.
So one night, the duckling quietly crept out
of the cottage and went in search of a new
home. Soon, he found a beautiful lake where
he could swim and dive.
This is such a lovely place.
Feels so good to swim after so long. I hope
the other animals and birds here are friendly
so I don't have to move away from here also.
But alas, here too. The other animals did not
want to be friends with the ugly duckling.
Why does everybody keep avoiding me? Just
because I'm ugly doesn't mean everyone has to
be mean. No one wants to play with me or even
talk to me.
So life continued in this miserable way for
the ugly duckling. Soon the seasons changed.
Autumn set in and the colour of the leaves
changed from red to orange and then gold.
Winter followed the forest turned white and a
very cold wind set in. The dark clouds made
the duckling feel even more gloomy and sad.
So the duckling decided to go to the
lakeside. And what a lovely sight he saw
there.
What are these beautiful birds? I don't think
I seen them before. How beautifully they
spread their large wings. Looks like they are
not flying, but just gliding through the sky.
Though the winter grew colder, the duckling
continued to swim despite the freezing water
and then finally took refuge in some bushes.
Finally, it was spring again. Plants started
sprouting and a sun peep down from the sky.
The duckling was so happy that it was
becoming warm again.
Everything around me has become so beautiful.
My wings have also become strong and I can
now swim in the pond close by.
Suddenly, the duckling once again saw the
same beautiful birds that he had seen at the
start of spring and quickly ran and hid
behind some bushes.
Those birds are so beautiful I better not go
near them or they too will make fun of me.
I'm so scared that they might kill me. I'm so
tired of being picked on by everybody. First
the ducklings at the farm. My own brothers
and sisters, the hen and tomcat at the
cottage and everybody else.
I wish I never been born.
The duckling went to a quiet spot on a lake
where nobody could see him. He was very, very
sad and big, fat tears rolled down its face.
Suddenly the duckling saw its own reflection
in the lake and couldn't believe his eyes for
staring at him in the clear water. Below was
his own reflection. No longer a dark grey
bird, ugly and repulsive to look at. Instead,
he had turned into a graceful and beautiful
swan. The ugly duckling had transformed into
a beautiful swan. All of the other swans came
to greet the newcomer and stroked his neck
with their beaks. Finally, the ugly little
thing was accepted and loved by his new
friends to whom he belonged. The beautiful
and graceful swans. A family with two
children, came to see the swan swimming.
Look, there is a new one.
Father. Mother, come here. There is another
swan. A new one has arrived. The new one is
the most beautiful of all. Oh, he is so young
and pretty.
The Swan did not know how to react to so much
praise. He felt shy and tried to hide his
face after being mocked and taunted and
bullied for so long. He couldn't believe he
was being appreciated and accepted and he was
actually being called beautiful.
I never dreamt that I would see a day where
someone would call me beautiful. I wish I had
received the same love and affection when I
was the little and ugly creature. I wouldn't
have spent such a sad childhood. Why do
people treat others according to their looks?
That is so, so sad.